docs: Adding brief documentation to coreComponent packages (#3352)
GEOS-DEV/GEOS: src/coreComponents/dataRepository/CMakeLists.txt

#==================================================================================================
# Package : dataRepository
#

> # Provides the building blocks for the code structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Provides the building blocks for the data structure of GEOS objects.
```
